0.  BMP: Typically 24-bit: 16,777,216 but can support 32-bit: 4,294,967,296
    GIF: 8-bit: 256 
    JPEG:24-bit: 16,777,216
    PNG: 24-bit: 16,777,216
    
1.  Formats that Support Animation:
    - GIF
    - PNG has (MNG,APNG) --> not widely supported
    - JPEG has (MJPEG) -->  not widely supported
     
2.  Lossless Compression:
    allows compression of file but to a lesser extent than lossy as it encodes the all the original information into the compressed file 
    Lossy Compression:
    allows for far greater and more efficient compression but does not encode all the information from the original file. 
    Therefore once the the file is decompressed it will not be an exact representation of the original
    
3.  JPEG is lossy compressed

4.  When a file is deleted on a FAT file system two things occur:
        First the system modfies the first character in the file's directory entry to signal that
        the file has been deleted and the entry directory can be recycled
        
        Secondly the system moves all of the file's FAT clusters to the hard drive's list of
        free clusters
        
5.  To ensure with high probablity that the files I delete are non-recoverable I firstly could  
    physically destroy the disk, by either melting, incinerating, pulverising... Secondly I could use
    an available free tool such as AutoClave to sanitize the disk by rendering all values 0 which 
    conforms to DoD specs and Gutmann patterns. 
    
6.  stdint.h is the header file which contains the documentation for the Standard Integer Type. Specifically 
    it deals with the width, in bits, of integer types.
    
7.  Because they are set to specific widths there you can use these integers for elements that require 
    precise widths
    
8.  BYTE: 1 
    DWORD: 4
    LONG: 4
    WORD: 2
    
9.  0x4d42

10. bfSize represents the size of the bitmap file in bytes while biSize represents the number of bytes
    needed to store the  BITMAPINFOHEADER stucture.
    
11. The bitmap file is a Top-down device-independent bitmap which signifies that the origin is in the 
    upper-left hand corner. 
    
12. biBitCount

13. If there was not enough memory for a copy of the bit map to be created or some similar error occurs 
    when creating the output file
    
14. Because it is only presenting 1 element to the fread function, being the structure. 

15. Because BMP files process it differently if the width is not a multiple of 4. Therefore 
    padding is added so the number of bytes used per each scanline is a multiple of 4.
    
16. It set the file position indicator of the file presented by the first argument (*stream). The new 
    position, in bytes, is found by offsetting the position by the specified argument (whence).
    
17. SEEK_CUR is used to set the offset relative to the current position indicator

18. Rob and/or Rob's cat, never trust the cat.
